VAULT-42500 update token policy inheritance docs (#2610)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/v2.x/content/docs/internals/token.mdx

have a parent token, namely the token used to make that request. By maintaining
this parent-child relationship, Vault models token trees. Child tokens can
be created with a subset of the parent policies, allowing for dropping of
privileges. When Vault creates a child token in the same namespace as its parent
and no explicit policies are requested, the child token inherits all of the parent
token's policies. Child tokens created in a different namespace do not
automatically inherit policies from the parent namespace. Vault assigns
explicitly requested policies for the target namespace, plus `default` when

> applicable. When a token is revoked, the entire sub-tree of tokens is revoked

Reviewer: ```suggestion
privileges.

If you do not provide explicit policies when Vault creates a child token in the
same namespace as its parent, the child token inherits all policies associated
with the parent token. Child tokens created in a different namespace do not
automatically inherit policies from the parent namespace. Vault assigns
explicitly requested policies for the target namespace, plus `default` when
applicable. If you revoke a token, Vault revokes the entire sub-tree of tokens.
```

have a parent token, namely the token used to make that request. By maintaining
this parent-child relationship, Vault models token trees. Child tokens can
be created with a subset of the parent policies, allowing for dropping of
privileges. When Vault creates a child token in the same namespace as its parent
and no explicit policies are requested, the child token inherits the parent

> token's direct policies. In Vault Enterprise, child tokens created in a different

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and no explicit policies are requested, the child token inherits all of the parent
token's policies. Child tokens created in a different
```

Author: Applied on newest commit.

> namespace do not automatically inherit the parent token's direct policies from

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
namespace do not automatically inherit policies from
```

Author: Applied.
